Notes about llegir progress

- All of the major milestones are done, woohoo!
- Now we want to put llegir to the test by running it on the SERPENTINE dataset.
	- Write down exactly what pieces of evidence will go into the interpretation of each module (not done yet, Sam will write this out manually).

**Open questions**
- How exactly is the "confidence score" calculated, what is the formula? If there is not a formalized mathematical formula, we should come up with one!
- How do the results differ when using different LLM models? Different prompts? High effort vs. lower?
- It is important for the interpretation model to have a decent understanding about the input dataset in question. At this time, this is information provided directly by the user. Can we provide a more quantitative summary of the dataset as additional evidence packets? Perhaps we could have a few dataset-focused tools in addition to module-focused tools. In this scenario, either the dataset-level evidence fragments would be passed once to an interpretation LLM which precedes the module interpreter, or we could pass all of these dataset-level evidence fragments alongside the module-level fragments to the same LLM.

**Changes to consider implementing** 
- Should the user be able to specify the "importance" of a tool to the interpretation model? For example, maybe we could have several tiers of importance. Maybe the top genes in the module are high-tier, the NCBI gene summary could be medium, the cluster_dme results could be high-tier, GO term enrichment could be low-tier (these are just examples).

**Quick changes**
- Pseudobulk example using the AggregatePseudobulk method from hdWGCNA.

**Data Visualization**
- For the html report, it would be super nice to also allow for the inclusion of plots. How could this be handled? 
- For example, we could have some summary plots for the modules in the dataset, like a box and whisker plot showing the expression level of each module in each cell population. 
- Different pieces of evidence could also have their own plots.
- The downside is that it could just absolutely bloat the options for the function to create the html report if llegir itself were to handle plotting. This would just way overcomplicate the package!
- Potentially the user could create the plots themselves (ggplot etc) and then pass a list of the plots, and then the html report could just have specified places for the plots to go? Like each evidence fragment could handle an arbitrary number of plots.

**Synthesis / HTML Report**
- The dataset description should render a bit nicer, each aspect of the dataset should appear on a new line (for example, species on one line, tissue on the next, etc).
- As it stands right now, the table of contents on the left side is pretty pointless, we either should remove it or improve it? 
- Replace the label "AI Narrative".
- I like that for the most part each claim is tied to a specific tool. Is it possible to specifically reference effect sizes and p-values here when applicable?
- Can we make the tables collapsible somehow?

**Modifications to tools**
- The "cluster_dme_tool" is trying to find modules that are "markers" of specific cell populations. This tool should only consider modules with a positive effect size.
- On the same topic of "cluster_dme_tool", sometimes there are modules that are expressed highly in all clusters, but this info can be lost or obscured from a one-vs-rest comparison.  

--- 

Secondary notes:

- Perhaps the structure of the LLM's output summary be informed by the tools that we use? For instance, one of the categories in the output summary is "cell state", and another is "condition dynamics". What happens in the case where this is a bulk RNA-seq dataset, cell state is no longer appropriate. We specifically want "cell state" to show the results fom the cluster DME test.
- In the "Raw supporting evidence", the table is great for showing the results. Showing a snippet of the results as text above the table is just redundant. 
- For the confidence score, is there visual way that we can show this? For example,